ok here's another combo which I found
quite effective
if you've ever used slacking before
you'll notice its ability truant we said
to move only every two terms which can
be slightly annoying can leave him
vulnerable to sweepers so there is a
good way for people to get rid of this
for this example I will use a cradling
now we'll move gasps trusted now they
suppress is a pokemons ability in this
case could use it I was lacking
slacking itself would make a very good
sleeper seeing speed and its attack of
both very good now although gastro astex
doesn't hit all the time if you
something like Priya Delhi you can keep
it up within grain this case it will
have which is lucky
now seeing of word you spoke up its
attacks can be pretty hot now earthquake
isn't exactly what you'll need but in
this case I will use it because it is
strong now have a look but see nothing
is used in defense oh dear poor magcargo
it was due to chance
that's it for now in training tax code
this combo is useful
oh great
the bison meat Williams or I used Tom
acquaintance